Krknwk 5104 implement factory reset logic (#7052)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

      * An option ``--interval`` (in seconds) to neighbor cell measurements in continuous mode  (``link ncellmeas --continuous``).
        When using this option, a new measurement is started in each interval.

Zigbee samples
--------------

> * Updated documentation with newly introduced factory reset functionality in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated documentation with newly introduced factory reset functionality in the following:
```

I believe it needs to be like this, that we cannot just say `in: ` and then list. But perhaps I am wrong. In that case, disregard my comment. @greg-fer can confirm?

>   * :ref:`zigbee_light_bulb_sample`

Reviewer: Sorry, one thing I just noticed in the doc build,  the formatting here seems to not be correct.

I believe you need to add a blank link just before this one so that it shows as a nested, bullet list.

    There are now four different sample pages, where each Host sample must be used along with its corresponding Device sample.

Zigbee samples
--------------

> * Added support of factory reset functionality from :ref:`lib_zigbee_application_utilities` in the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added support for the factory reset functionality from :ref:`lib_zigbee_application_utilities` in the following samples:
```

  * :ref:`zigbee_light_bulb_sample`
  * :ref:`zigbee_light_switch_sample`
  * :ref:`zigbee_network_coordinator_sample`
  * :ref:`zigbee_shell_sample`

>   * :ref:`zigbee_template_sample`

Reviewer 3: + Zigbee weather station?

Author: @tomchy There is separate entry for ZWS as a newly added app, so there is no point in stating that it was also modified. There is a distinction between apps and samples
